[Verse 1: Mina, Chaeyoung]
It's on tonight (So; Yeah), okay (Yeah)
She came from out of state (Woo)
What's up with your astrology? That body out of space
You like my style (You like my style; Woo, woo), touché
I'd put you on a chain
Your smile, it got you shining like there's diamonds on your face

[Pre-Chorus: Nayeon]
When I saw that thing shake, thought I hit the lotto
Dripping so sweet like a peach gelato
I can see me in your head tomorrow
Ooh, you know what I wanna do

[Chorus: Tzuyu, Jeongyeon, Sana, Dahyun]
Can I dance with you again, you again? (Can I dance?)
Run it up, work it down, walk it back, yeah (Woo)
Can I dance with you again, you again? (Ooh)
Run it up, work it down, walk it back, yeah
When you slide to the left, to the right (Oh, yeah)
One more time, do your thing, do it twice (Yeah, yeah)
Can I dance with you again, you again?
Run it up, work it down, walk it back, yeah (Yеah-eh, uh-uh)

[Verse 2: Jihyo, Dahyun, Momo, Sana]
I'm just getting started, I can't stop (Shh)
I think I likе you more than a lot (More than a lot)
Text me back, I'm waiting, dot, dot, dot (Dot, dot, dot)
Come on, boy, show me that stuff you got (Show me, show me, show me)

[Refrain: Tzuyu, Jeongyeon]
Ooh-ooh
Slide with me, ride or die with me
Put in time with me, I'll hook you up (I'll hook you up)
Ooh-ooh
Eyes on me, got your eyes on me
I'm such an icy treat, I'll give you some (I know you want some)

[Pre-Chorus: Jihyo]
When I saw that thing shake, thought I hit the lotto (Hit the lotto; Ooh)
Dripping so sweet like a peach gelato (Peach gelato)
I can see me in your head tomorrow (Head tomorrow)
Ooh, you know what I wanna do

[Chorus: Mina, Chaeyoung, Nayeon, Momo]
Can I dance with you again, you again? (Dance with you)
Run it up, work it down, walk it back, yeah
Can I dance with you again, you again? (Can I dance?)
Run it up, work it down, walk it back, yeah (Woo)
When you slide to the left, to the right
One more time, do your thing, do it twice
Can I dance with you again, you again?
Run it up, work it down, walk it back, yeah

[Outro: Jihyo, Nayeon]
(Oh, oh; Uh) Can I dance with you?
(Ah, ah; Eh, eh) Can I dance with you?
(Ooh, woah, woah; Uh) Can I dance with you?
(Eh, eh) Can I dance with you?